DICTPASSWORD
============
A password generator from uniformly sampled dictionary words

Usage
-----
Dict Password creates a password for you by concatenating uniformly sampled words from a wordlist. Two wordlists are included with this repo:

1. english-full -- the full English dictionary containing 235,886 words. You should only need to use this if you have an exceedingly large vocabulary, or are super worried about password security.
2. english-common -- a reduced dictionary containing 60,000 commonly used words.

To generate a password of 5 concatenated common English words, type:

    python dictpassword --wordlist english-common 5

It's best to pipe the output into a temporary file so it's not cached by your terminal window:

    python dictpassword --wordlist english-common 5 > pass.txt
    // remember password, then securely remove
    srm pass.txt

The security of dictionary passwords comes from **uniform sampling** of a large body of words. Even if an attacker knew your password was drawn from a wordlist, and knew the wordlist you used, the number of possible passwords is still combinatorial in the number of words your password contains. For instance, using a (common) list of 60,000 words, a 4 word password has

    60000^4 = 12960000000000000000

possible combinations.

What is this for?
-----------------
Usually 1password is good enough for most passwords, but you still need an awesome, long, memorable master password. Dictionary words are easy to remember, and certain combinations of dictionary words are highly memorable: http://xkcd.com/936/

I wrote this little script so that I could find a memorable master password without the security risk of using a password generated by an online service. 
